.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CW1_6005_SMM5G11 1 LOCAL "February 23, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
cw1-6005-smm5g11 \- a simple program to read the titles of BBC News articles as rss feeds.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bbc_rss
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the only
.B bbc_rss
command of cw1-6005-smm5g11.
.PP
\fBcw1\fP is a program that...
.SH OPTIONS
These program when installed can be run by the command bbc_rss, directly typed in a terminal window.
Alternatively it can be run from the Gnome Applications menu, section Internet, name BBC RSS News.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH FILES

.SH BUGS
If you find a bug, please report it at <smm5g11@ecs.soton.ac.uk>.

.SH AUTHOR
cw1-6005-smm5g11 was originally written by <upstream author>.
It was packaged and modified by Stanislav Michaylov Michaylov.
.PP
This manual page was written by Stanislav Michaylov Michaylov <smm5g11@soton.ac.uk>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
